### Background
In April 1945(ninteen forty-five),two weeks after the battle of Berlin,the Soviet armies surrounded Berlin and Hitler retreated to the underground fortress.
___
### Scene one : Silence before The Rainstorm
**中间的军官**：In the east,they reached Lichtenberg,Mahisdorf and Karishorst.
**XTL**：If Steiner attacks,everything will be alright.
**中间的**：Steiner...
**左边的**：Steiner didn't have enough force.The attack didn't take place.
___
### Scene two : We Three
**XTL**：（颤抖地拿掉眼镜）The following stay here:Keitel,Jodl,Krebs and Burgdorf.（愤怒地、激动地）That was an order!Steiner's attack  was an order!How dare you ignore my orders?!Is this what it came to?The army ,everyone lied to me.Even the SS.The generals are no more than a bunch of disloyal cowards.
**右边的**：I don't allow that...
**XTL**：Cowards,traitors and incompetents!
**右边的**：Furer,this is a little bit outrageous.
**XTL**：These generals are the scum of the German people.NO SENCE OF HONOUR!!!（气死偶咧！！！）You call yourself general because you spent a few years at the academy...where you only learnt to use knife and fork.For years,the army obstructed me.All you ever did is thwart me!I should have had...all the high officers killed----like Stalin!
___
### Scene Three : That's Over
**XTL**：（平静、绝望地）I never went to the academy.（秀肌肉的姿势）But I conquered all of Europe on my own.Traitors.（突然激动）I've been betrayed and deceived from the start!Such enormous betrayal of the German people.But all these traitors will pay----with their own blood!They will drown in their own blood!（无力）All my orders have been ignored.How can I be a leader under these circumstances?It's over.The war is lost.But if you think this means I'll leave Berlin...you're wrong.I'd rather shoot a bullet through my head.（绝望地低头）Do what you want.

